E-Commerce Plugins doc update (#14)
ezsystems/ezpersonalization-documentation: docs/ecommerce_plugins/paypal_contract_renewal.md

The steps are the same as during registration:

Step 1: Go to [Yoochoose web page](https://admin.yoochoose.net) and log in with your email and password.

![Login screen for admin.yoochoose.net](img/paypal_renew_step1.png)

> Step 2: Click **Edit contract data** at the top. (If you have a German account, the link will say **Vertragsdaten ändern**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: At the top of the page, click **Edit contract data** (Vertragsdaten ändern).
```

![Dashboard with the Edit contract data option](img/paypal_renew_step2.png)

> Step 3: A new window opens with the Billwerk partner site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new window opens with the Billwerk partner site.
```

Billwerk is responsible for handling Personalization payments.

> In the Billwerk customer portal, in the section **Ihre Zahlungsdaten** (Payment method), click **Ändern** (Change) to select a payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 3:  In the Billwerk customer portal, in the section **Ihre Zahlungsdaten** (Payment method), click **Ändern** (Change) to select a payment method.
```
